Scrolling the page while choosing from different strains available in one of local online dispensary in the city, I was taken back to the time where buying weed is not as easy as this. Today, I can buy it online, choose the strain or type I want, from flowers, hash, dubs to pens, vaporizers, shatters to edibles, infused drinks, you name it! With just few clicks or taps, I got myself a deal, all I have to do is wait until delivered right to my doorstep.

In 2011, back to my home country, it was the year when the quality of the weed I score has started to step up. It was August that year when I met this man who had connected me to a “Sourceserer” who offers best quality, straight from the farm type of weed I could get from that time. It was a long stalk, folded in four, filled with buds and some dried leaves wrapped in newspaper, being passed to me casually inside a smoke filled car from the joint we are sharing.

The description of the stash I scored may not sound like the best compared to a cultivated cannabis from the west. It was from the mountains, where it was planted, away from people, being hidden from authorities who would cut and burn (they encircle around the burning pile of confiscated weed for photo ops and free smoke) the plant if found. These were raw, wild marijuana, male and female plants mixed together, where flowers are pollinated, thus making the buds have seeds in them. It was our landrace strain indeed.

With growing number of countries legalizing cannabis, buying and selling has gotten to a new level, from the streets to a dispensary, now, the internet has a variety of website that offers different kind of products available for countries that lifted their restrictions regarding the plant. It can be shipped locally and across the country, accepting cash, debits, credit and even crypto payments. Legalization and internet will surely play a big role in worldwide acceptance of cannabis.

Currently, crypto currencies are starting to grow with the trend of shifting to digital currency. Some establishments are now accepting crypto as a form of payment. With this, we can expect that cannabis will become a part of the crypto space, integrating blockchain and web3 technology. Maybe soon, online dispensaries will become a virtual store, where you buy and sell virtually, selecting your product as if you are selecting from a physical store and using crypto as your payment. The future of cannabis culture looks cool and bright, all we need is an accepting minds.


•  J. Roller