Illegal

Growing up in a country where there’s stigma that marijuana is “bad” and will make you a criminal just for carrying, planting and smoking,  and if caught, will throw you in jail for a lifetime without a bail. Surely this sound scary mostly to the kids hearing how this plant can potentially destroy your whole life with just one puff.
Not for me, I was 15 when I first tried smoking. My distant uncle who’s just 2 years older than me asked the magic word, “do you wanna’ smoke?” showing in his hand is a small packet of dried and brown weed, it was my first time seeing what marijuana looks like but then I said “YES”. Unhesitant answer of a curious kid that wants to try something “bad” and illegal.

This was the start of my smoking adventures, buying weed from the street, where you have to wait after giving your money to a random guy to come back with your stash, with uncertainty if they will come back or not. Finding a secure spot to smoke, where no neighbors can smell, getting high, endless coughing that makes you feel you are about to die and going home with blood shot eyes hoping your parents would not notice. Altogether with battling paranoia in your head from the whole experience of doing something illegal.

Legal

Migrating to a country where marijuana is legal is a whole lot of new experience, having access to different kind of strains, dub, hash, pens and edibles without the risk of getting to jail. Where buying is as easy as buying a liquor from a liquor store, or ordering food online from your favorite restaurant. Even growing your own crop at your home is allowed. Marijuana is abundantly available and accessible all over the country.
What a nice place for a pothead to be. Indeed, this is far from where I came from. The authorities are allowing the consumption of cannabis for medicinal and recreational use. Acknowledging studies back up by research that it has medicinal properties and that it is safe for consumption under recreational purposes. Accepting that this plant provides alternative natural medicine and that it can generate jobs, income and taxes.

Today, lots of western states and countries legalized cannabis for medicinal and recreational use. In middle east, Israel is conducting studies for its medical properties, and in southeast Asia, Thailand recently decriminalized marijuana, which in return boost their tourism added establishments, opened jobs, gave local farmers an alternative crop to grow and gave their citizens access to medical benefits of marijuana without the fear of the law.
With growing number of countries legalizing and accepting cannabis. I wonder if the whole world would follow. Allowing consumption for medical and recreational use with regulations just like cigarettes and alcohol, and let the plant generate revenue for the economy. Well, lets’ see.


•  J. Roller